[ty] prefer submodule over module __getattr__ in from-imports (#21260)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/ty_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/import/module_getattr.md

reveal_type(mod.sub)  # revealed: str
```

If you `import mod.sub` (importing the submodule directly), then `mod.sub` refers to the actual
submodule, so `reveal_type(mod.sub)` will show the type of the submodule itself.

`test_import_mod_sub.py`:

```py
import mod.sub

reveal_type(mod.sub)  # revealed: <module 'mod.sub'>
```

> If you `from mod import sub`, at runtime `sub` will be the return value from the module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you `from mod import sub`, at runtime `sub` will be the value returned by the module
```
